.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH nexbridge 5 "November 2014" "nexbridge(5)" "nexbridge manual page"
.SH NAME
nexbridge - daemon to proxy Nexstar (but not only) commands over the network.
.SH SYNOPSIS
nexbridge [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This this program transparently proxies the serial commands supported
by the Celestron NexStar hand control over the network, so that the
telescope can be controlled over the network. It is recommended to be
used with libnexstar or NexStarCtl on the remote end.
However it proved to be very useful for exporting all kinds of telescope
mounts on the network like Sky-Watcher, Meade etc. Nexbridge can be
used directly with software like SkySafari or through ttynet(5) or other
serial port emulator with software like Stellarium, to control the
network exported telescopes.

Communication to the hand control is 9600 bits/sec, no parity and one
stop bit via the RS-232 port on the base of the hand control.

It can publish the service using mDNS as XXX._nexbridge._tcp.local.
where XXX is user specified name with "-s" option.

.SH OPTIONS
Please use "nexbridge -h" for full option list.

.SH EXAMPLE
Connect the telescope mount connected on /dev/ttyUSB0 on computer sky with IP 192.168.0.10
to /tmp/Telescope on computer earth, assuming there is a network connection between them:

On computer sky do:

.B $ nexbridge -n -P /dev/ttyUSB0 -p 9999

On computer earth do:

.B $ ttynet -a 192.168.0.10 -p 9999 -T /tmp/Telescope

.SH SEE ALSO
ttynet(5)

.SH COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2013-2014 by Rumen G.Bogdanovski

This is a free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of GPL3

The author assumes no liability or responsibility for damage or injury
to persons or property arising from any use of this product. Use it at
your own risk.

.SH BUGS
If you find any, please send bug reports to rumen@skyarchive.org
